The Radiant Citadel is a center of magic, learning, refuge, and trade hidden within the Deep Etherum. The Citadel sits perched on land wrapping around a giant Crystal. Within the citadel is the five colleges that make up Strixhaven, as well as a trade center focused on magical wares and general supplies for the school. The Civilizations that fund Strixhaven are connected with The Citadel via Concord Gems, contstructs capable of traversal of large amounts of goods and people to and from the hidden settlement. Funding from these civilizations causes student tuition to be relatively low. A complete course of study with scholarships typically cost students 1000 gold, and 2000 gold without scholarships. 

At the base of the Crystal is a large circular complex known as The Hall of Whispers. It is here information is brokered between spies, criers, and locals. The Hall is often at odds with Strixhaven, as knowledge from the school is safeguarded from those that would use it poorly. 

Inside the giagantic crystal is The Preserve of Elders. It is here spirits conglomerate in to beings known as Incarnates. The largest of these Incarnates, thought to be conglomerations of souls from the founding civilizations, are known as Dawn Incarnates. Councilors from each of the founding civilizations govern The Citadel from The Preserve, mandating trade laws and municiple matters so that The University is the most dangerous part of The Citadel. The Council seems to turn a blind eye to The Hall of Whispers, and even tends to employ their services from time to time. (edited)
